update sharding page (#7499)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/upgrades/sharding/index.md

Sharding will eventually let you run Ethereum on a personal laptop or phone. So more people should be able to participate, or run [clients](/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/), in a sharded Ethereum. This will increase security because the more decentralized the network, the smaller the attack surface area.

With lower hardware requirements, sharding will make it easier to run [clients](/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/) on your own, without relying on any intermediary services at all. And if you can, consider running multiple clients. This can help network health by further reducing points of failure.

<br />

<InfoBanner isWarning>

>   At first, you'll need to run a Mainnet (execution layer) client at the same time as your consensus layer client. <a href="https://launchpad.ethereum.org" target="_blank">The launchpad</a> will walk you through the hardware requirements and process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You'll need to run an execution client at the same time as your consensus client. <a href="https://launchpad.ethereum.org" target="_blank">The launchpad</a> will walk you through the hardware requirements and process.
```

The Ethereum upgrades are all somewhat interrelated. So let’s recap how the shard chains relate the other upgrades.

> ### Shards and the Ethereum blockchain {#shards-and-blockchain}

Reviewer: This section is labeled "Relationship between upgrades" and serves the purpose of directly comparing and tying together the different upgrades. This kinda slims it down by removing the other direct comparisons...

Given the existing content is so out of date, not against stripping this out right now and we can come back to it... obviously this page needs more work.
